Stateless statefull update noah (#2685)
cncf/glossary: content/en/stateless-apps.md

---
 title: Stateless Apps

>  status: Feedback Appreciated

Author: ```suggestion
 status: Completed
```

 category: Property
 tags: ["fundamental", "application", "property"]
---

> Stateless applications process requests as if they were their first. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stateless applications process requests as if each request were the first it's ever been sent. 
```
